It’s really a double sculpture,
Originally, I only wanted to catch sugar nuggets,
Unexpectedly, I was still there at that time,
If my people hadn't actually appeared, why didn't you fake your death?
Why didn't I thank you? Thank you. If you want to run away, there's no way.
Invite you to dinner, please stir up the wind warrior,
When I finish handling Tang Yao's matter,
No more disbelief,
This time your wealth and wealth found you,
show me him,
If you happen to have a grudge, you will be very righteous and violent.
Even my dad is as tall as him,
I want to see your husband,
What night is it, waiting for his grandma?
Wait until he kneels on the ground
Can you help me how to play?
It's a pity that I have no choice